At DuckDuckGo, we believe the best way to protect your personal information from hackers, scammers, and privacy-invasive companies is to stop it from being collected at all. That's why millions of people choose DuckDuckGo over Chrome and other browsers  to search and browse online. Our built-in search engine is like Google but never tracks your searches. And our browsing protections, such as ad tracker blocking and cookie blocking, help stop other companies from collecting your data. Oh, and our browser is free — we make money from privacy-respecting search ads, not by exploiting your data. Take back control of your personal information with the browser designed for data protection, not data collection. 

FEATURE HIGHLIGHTS 
Protect Your Searches by Default: DuckDuckGo Search comes built-in, so you can easily search online without being tracked.  

Shield Your Browsing History: Our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection blocks most trackers before they load, greatly exceeding what most popular browsers offer by default.  

Secure Your Email (Optional): Use Email Protection to block most email trackers and hide your existing email address with @duck.com addresses.   

Watch YouTube Videos Without Targeted Ads: Duck Player protects you from targeted ads and cookies with a distraction-free interface that incorporates YouTube’s strictest privacy settings for embedded video. 

Automatically Enforce Encryption: Shield your data from network and Wi-Fi snoopers by forcing many sites to use an HTTPS connection.  

Escape Fingerprinting: Make it harder for companies to create a unique identifier for you by blocking attempts to combine info about your browser and device.  

Sync and Back Up Securely (Optional): Sync encrypted bookmarks and passwords across your devices. 

Clear your tabs and browsing data in a flash with the Fire Button. 

Banish cookie pop-ups and automatically set your preferences to minimize cookies and maximize privacy. 

And many more protections not available on most browsers, even in private browsing mode, including protection from link tracking, Global Privacy Control (GPC), and more. 

PRIVACY PRO   
Subscribe to Privacy Pro for:   

•	Our VPN: Secure your connection on up to 5 devices.     

•	Identity Theft Restoration: If your identity is stolen, we’ll help restore it.   

Privacy Pro Pricing & Terms   
Payment will be charged automatically to your iTunes account until you cancel, which you can do in app settings. You have the option to provide an email address to activate your subscription on other devices, and we will only use that email address to verify your subscription. For terms of service and privacy policy, visit https://duckduckgo.com/pro/privacy-terms 

You don't need to wait to take control of your personal information! Join the millions of people using DuckDuckGo to protect their everyday searching, browsing, and emailing.  

Read more about our free Tracking Protections at https://help.duckduckgo.com/privacy/web-tracking-protections 

Privacy Policy: https://duckduckgo.com/privacy/  

Terms of Service: https://duckduckgo.com/terms 

Note about 3rd-Party Tracker Protection and Search Ads: while there are some limitations following search ad clicks, viewing ads on DuckDuckGo search is anonymous. Learn more here https://help.duckduckgo.com/privacy/web-tracking-protections 